Ok, come and go to Russia.
Go to Russia!
Russia.
If you are a British tourist, it is not that simple to go to Russia.
You have to book your trip first.
Then ask the hotel you are waiting for to send a formal invitation.
Then you need to apply for a visa in a few weeks or months.
You can't fly directly to the plane and ask them to allow you to enter.
And you absolutely must not drive directly across national borders.
They are being monitored at that pillar.
Hey - right! They must be!
Because the top is convex.
- The base station usually goes straight up - there will definitely be a special number
The number of people entering the car and leaving the car. If they see someone walking towards that...
Well, yes, that's where the camera is. Find it well!
I will want to come up with a zoom lens, but I will not do it on the Russian border.
The place behind me is "Saatse Boots", (because it is shaped like a boot)
It is highlighted by Russia to the land of about one square kilometer in Estonia.
When Estonia is still part of the Soviet Union, this is not a problem.
But when Estonia became independent in 1991,
Village at the end of "boots"
(including Saatse here) is separated. Until recently,
There is only one way to go to this place.
There is another way now,
But the original road is still the fastest one so far.
Therefore, for the sake of convenience, Russia allows people to open that road...
...as long as they don't stop.
That is the prohibition of the stop sign.
Well, one kilometer can't stop?
That's right. Did you see that pillar? The red and green ones.
- There is Ah - it is it, there is Russia.
If you walk into Russia, you may be arrested.
If you drive, you have to keep on.
If it stops or breaks down,
You just entered Russia and you may be arrested.
Estonia...Estonia...
- Russia! - We are in Russia.
At this time, everyone will start to ask, "What level can this rule extend?"
What if you ride a bicycle?
What if I open a speed of one inch but never stop?
If you stop at a semi-border place,
Or what if you stop taking a bunch of photos in Estonia?
If you loudly put the songs of the villagers’ orchestras in Russia,
What happens to the law that prohibits the promotion of homosexuality in Russia?
The answer to the above question is: I don't know.
It depends on whether there are border guards to see it, but also how they feel about that day.
They may send you back to Estonia.
It may also arrest you for one night.
But no matter what, we don’t want to try to kill.
After all, it’s a very, very bad idea to joke with Russia.
Not to mention that they are on their territory, and they are still on the video.
And like other complex boundaries, this boots problem
It will also be resolved at some point.
Formally speaking, this boot problem has been solved, too
The treaty signed in 2005 was delivered to Estonia and then again in 2014.
Russia agrees to get other places in Estonia
Give up the piece of land in exchange.
Estonia!
-that's it! -Yes
But diplomacy is slowly coming, and bureaucrats do the same. So far so far
It is still feasible to drive a small piece of Russia without a visa.
Just be careful.
We just drove Russia without a visa!
Wow.
In fact, I feel a little bit of an anticlimax.
Hi! Tourists, yes.